---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy-policy/
---

# Privacy policy
last updated November 19, 2018

This site https://www.marioaae.com is intended to publish technical articles
about software development, tutorials, opinions, among other types of content.

## Data Protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory
data protection regulations and this privacy policy.

The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information.

## Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit.
It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred
language and other settings. That can make your next visit easier and the site more
useful to you. Cookies play an important role. Without them, using the web would
be a much more frustrating experience.

### Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics provided
by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

Google Analytics uses cookies to allow us to understand how you and other visitors
(anonymously) use this website. Since *IP anonymization is activated* on this website,
the information generated by the cookie is first anonymized and then sent to a
Google server in the USA and stored there. Data transmitted to Google is such as
your ISP, browser, operating system, geo location and so on. We use this data to
understand our audience and improve the articles, and design for the visitors.
To learn more about how Google processes this data, please read Google's offical
article about [Safeguarding your data](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245).

### Preventing Storage of Cookies

You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser;
however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features
of this website to the fullest extent possible. In addition, you may prevent the
collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use
of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data
by Google by downloading the [browser plug-in](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).

## Questions about this site's policy?
For questions regarding this policy, please get in touch via e-mail.

Please note that this privacy policy is subject to change without any prior notice
to visitors.
